Add explanation of events and functions (#1)
learn-co-curriculum/fewpjs-events-functions-intro: README.md

# Events and Functions

## Introduction

In last few lessons on events, we've used code like

```js
const input = document.getElementById('input');
input.addEventListener('click', function(event) {
  alert('I was clicked!');
});
```

to find DOM elements and attach event listeners to them.

Over the next few lessons, we're going to dig deeper into JavaScript functions - 
the part of the code that looks like:

```
function(event) {
  alert('I was clicked!');
}
```

JavaScript's functions work differently from other languages. Understanding
their _syntax_ (what the code looks like) and _semantics_ (what the code means)
is critical to writing event-based code. We'll cover:

- functions as 'first class' data
- function scope
- hoisting

> For now, we'll use functions to 'wrap up' the behavior that should happen when 

Author: ```suggestion
First, we'll use functions to 'wrap up' the behavior that should happen when 
```
